Added documentation for Secure Inbound Media. (#4621)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _documentation/en/messages/concepts/secure-inbound-media.md

## Standard vs. Enhanced inbound media security

### Standard

Inbound Media files are uploaded to our centralized media servers with a unique URL. This unique URL is valid for 48 hours to allow the business time to download the file. There may be some minor risks associated with this. For example:

* A brute force attack could reveal the URL
* Anyone with possession of the URL could access the file without the requirement of any additional account credentials

### Enhanced

With Enhanced inbound media security, businesses can only access media files using a JWT (JSON Web Token) generated using their account credentials. Enabling this feature adds a layer of security when accessing media. To ensure backward compatibility, we have made this feature optional. 

## Setting up

To access this, they will need to:

1. Create a Vonage Application
2. Link their number to the application
3. Generate a JWT from the application
4. Turn on the Messages capability and switch on "Secure Inbound Media."

More information about applications is available [here](https://developer.vonage.com/application/overview).

## Accessing secured media

> When an end user sends a message with a media file, the business receives a callback with a URL to the media file. The media will require the JWT generated from the application to access the file if it has been secured.

Reviewer: I think we can add some more clarity around accessing the media. Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
When an end user sends a message with a media file, the business receives a callback with a URL to the media file. Accessing the media will require a `GET` request to the URL with an `Authorization` header with a value set as a JWT generated using the Application ID and Private Key associated with the same Vonage application where the webhook which received the inbound message has been set up.
```

Here is an example cURL request with the token:

```
curl --location --request GET 'https://api-us.nexmo.com/v3/media/1b456509-974c-458b-aafa-45fc48a4d976' \

> --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJpYXQiOjE2NjUwNTEyNDQsImV4cCI6MTY2NTA3Mjg0NCwianRpIjoieTRrTmJ6QjNLNG4wIiwiYXBwbGljYXRpb25faWQiOiJhMzJhMmQ3MS02NmQwLTQ5ZTMtYWI4ZC01MTQxMzVhYzQ5YWUifQ.pYkzoxT8DY47-YymxhdTrizx7lEcmjzwng9AEpkqYFh22X3CZrKgK2bSNX9obv-X08f_EZMyiQ3elobckW8ivKeuUjdMHCTQr0e5goWUEmf4_4XItwtrmddXM9ufcy1PuyHzwC-MlPbLsiivGK8TUqKZVqSJzvGVfFv2yupQNIk-CtuhQ5F8CcD1OMPLVk-W-a_mrUZW2mwUTbhu680nuaG-ZZbeANgYE-bt7iDXMLLOSzLsNdTYg4SGGyc-Q6KNTFCpG6P9gODfgPPJsizlqebgWbLGVJKeMWgyCKNs13-VfmvSBW_7z552PkzNQ_qzhh0fh-CmfWdAmGxdHTxVEA'

Reviewer: Perhaps just use a placeholder rather than an actual JWT string.

```suggestion
--header 'Authorization: Bearer '$JWT
```
